README.md, before:

# Building Custom DatePicker (React Demo)

This project contains the source code of a demo app showing how to build a custom datepicker component for a [React][react] application, which can be used whenever valid date values are required.

Prior experience working with the React framework is required for complete understanding of the demo code. You can checkout the [docs][react-docs] to learn more about React.

Here is a screenshot of the demo React application:

![App Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/BoH5d5b.gif)

Before you begin, make sure you have [`npm`][npm] and [`node`][node] installed on your system. It is recommended that you use [`yarn`][yarn] instead of `npm` to run and manage the package. Follow this [guide to install yarn][yarn-install] on your system.

Once you have either `yarn` or `npm` installed, run the following commands to get started.

> Note that this demo was bootstrapped using the `create-react-app` package. You can look through this [extensive guide for the available scripts](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.md#available-scripts).

**Using NPM**

```sh
npm install
npm start
```

**Using Yarn**

```sh
yarn
yarn start
```

<!-- You can also get a [live demo on Code Sandbox][code-demo]. -->

<!-- [![Edit slider-control](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)][code-demo] -->


[react-docs]: https://reactjs.org/docs/
[react]: https://reactjs.org/
[code-demo]: https://codesandbox.io/s/yn6wy1vnj
[node]: https://nodejs.org/en/
[npm]: https://npmjs.com/
[yarn]: https://yarnpkg.com/
[yarn-install]: https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/

Commit message:

Added code sandbox demo links to README.

README.md, after:

# Building Custom DatePicker (React Demo)

This project contains the source code of a demo app showing how to build a custom datepicker component for a [React][react] application, which can be used whenever valid date values are required.

Prior experience working with the React framework is required for complete understanding of the demo code. You can checkout the [docs][react-docs] to learn more about React.

Here is a screenshot of the demo React application:

![App Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/BoH5d5b.gif)

Before you begin, make sure you have [`npm`][npm] and [`node`][node] installed on your system. It is recommended that you use [`yarn`][yarn] instead of `npm` to run and manage the package. Follow this [guide to install yarn][yarn-install] on your system.

Once you have either `yarn` or `npm` installed, run the following commands to get started.

> Note that this demo was bootstrapped using the `create-react-app` package. You can look through this [extensive guide for the available scripts](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.md#available-scripts).

**Using NPM**

```sh
npm install
npm start
```

**Using Yarn**

```sh
yarn
yarn start
```

You can also get a [live demo on Code Sandbox][code-demo].

[![Edit react-datepicker](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)][code-demo]


[react-docs]: https://reactjs.org/docs/
[react]: https://reactjs.org/
[code-demo]: https://codesandbox.io/s/o952xlqq9y
[node]: https://nodejs.org/en/
[npm]: https://npmjs.com/
[yarn]: https://yarnpkg.com/
[yarn-install]: https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/
